WOODS KIND OF GUY MAY BE JUST WHO WE NEED.
WHO WE NEED. >> HANS NICHOLS IS LKINGOOKING A
>> HANS NICHOLS IS LKINGOOKING A KEY VOTING BLOCK THAT COULD
KEY VOTING BLOCK THAT COULD SHAPE THE RACE FOR THE WHITE
SHAPE THE RACE FOR THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. WE BEGIN WITH SPEAKER OF THE
WE BEGIN WITH SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE PELOSI -- CHECK MATE.
HOUSE PELOSI -- CHECK MATE. SHE SAID SHE’S INCLINED TO STEER
SHE SAID SHE’S INCLINED TO STEER THE PARTY AGAINST IMPEACHMENT OF
THE PARTY AGAINST IMPEACHMENT OF TRUMP.
TRUMP. YES, AGAINST.
YES, AGAINST. >> CONGRESSMAN NADLER DECIDED TO
>> CONGRESSMAN NADLER DECIDED TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT THE DAY
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT THE DAY THE PRESIDENT WON THE ELECTION.
THE PRESIDENT WON THE ELECTION. >> TRYING TO GET THE GOODS ON
>> TRYING TO GET THE GOODS ON THIS PRESIDENT IN AN APPARENT
THIS PRESIDENT IN AN APPARENT EFFORT TO IMPEACH HIM.
EFFORT TO IMPEACH HIM. >> A FOR EMTO LIE ABOUT THE
>> A FOR EMTO LIE ABOUT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES SO THEY CAN ALL START THEIR
SO THEY CAN ALL START THEIR IMPEACH PROCESS.
IMPEACH PROCESS. >> THIS IS AN ATTEMPT -- THERE
>> THIS IS AN ATTEMPT -- THERE ARE MEMBERS HERE WITH A SINGULAR
ARE MEMBERS HERE WITH A SINGULAR GOAL IN CONGRESS, TO IMPEACH
GOAL IN CONGRESS, TO IMPEACH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. >> SPEAKING TO "THE WASHINGTON
>> SPEAKING TO "THE WASHINGTON POST" MAGAZINE, PELOSI SAID,
POST" MAGAZINE, PELOSI SAID, THIS IS KIND OF FANTASTIC, I’M
THIS IS KIND OF FANTASTIC, I’M NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT.
NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT. THIS IS NEWS.
THIS IS NEWS. I’VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS.
I’VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS. IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE TO
IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE TO THE COUNTRY.
THE COUNTRY. UNLESS THERE’S SO COMPELLING AND
UNLESS THERE’S SO COMPELLING AND OVERWHELMING AND BIPARTISAN, I
OVERWHELMING AND BIPARTISAN, I DON’T AND HE’S JUST NOT WORTH
DON’T AND HE’S JUST NOT WORTH IT.
IT. THE SPEAKER USING STRONGER
THE SPEAKER USING STRONGER LANGUAGE ABOUT A SUBJECT SHE
LANGUAGE ABOUT A SUBJECT SHE ADDRESSED AT THE BEGINNING OF
ADDRESSED AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS CONGRESS BACK IN JANUARY.
THIS CONGRESS BACK IN JANUARY. >> YOU’VE SAID IT WOULD BE SAD
>> YOU’VE SAID IT WOULD BE SAD AND DIVISIVE FOR THE COUNTRY TO
AND DIVISIVE FOR THE COUNTRY TO PURSUE IMPEACHMENT.
PURSUE IMPEACHMENT. >> IT WOULD BE.
>> IT WOULD BE. >> ARE YOU WILLING TO RULE IT
>> ARE YOU WILLING TO RULE IT OUT?
OUT? >> WELL, WE HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE
>> WELL, WE HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS WITH THE MUELLER
WHAT HAPPENS WITH THE MUELLER REPORT.
REPORT. WE SHOULDN’T BE IMPEACHING FOR A
WE SHOULDN’T BE IMPEACHING FOR A POLITICAL REASON AND WE
POLITICAL REASON AND WE SHOULDN’T AVOID IMPEACHMENT FOR
SHOULDN’T AVOID IMPEACHMENT FOR A PLIT RAHAL REASON SO WE JUST
A PLIT RAHAL REASON SO WE JUST HAVE TO SEE HOW IT COMES.
HAVE TO SEE HOW IT COMES. >> "THE WASHINGTON POST" ROARED
>> "THE WASHINGTON POST" ROARED AT THE TIME THAT WHEN IT COMES
AT THE TIME THAT WHEN IT COMES TO PELOSI, TRUMP HAS PULLED BACK
TO PELOSI, TRUMP HAS PULLED BACK ON HIS JABS.
ON HIS JABS. THAT IS DELIBERATE.
THAT IS DELIBERATE. AIDES AND ADVISERS SAID BECAUSE
AIDES AND ADVISERS SAID BECAUSE THE ALG SHE HE SAID SHE
THE ALG SHE HE SAID SHE PERSONALLY
PERSONALLY PERSONALLY.
PERSONALLY. WE EVEN TALKED ABOUT THAT TODAY.
WE EVEN TALKED ABOUT THAT TODAY. I SAID WHY DON’T YOU USE THAT
I SAID WHY DON’T YOU USE THAT FOR IMPEACHMENT?
FOR IMPEACHMENT? NANCY SAID, "WE’RE NOT LOOKING
NANCY SAID, "WE’RE NOT LOOKING TO IMPEACH YOU."
TO IMPEACH YOU." I SAID THAT’S GOOD, THAT’S GOOD.
I SAID THAT’S GOOD, THAT’S GOOD. BUT YOU DON’T IMPEACH PEOPLE
BUT YOU DON’T IMPEACH PEOPLE WHEN THEY’RE DOING A GOOD JOB.
WHEN THEY’RE DOING A GOOD JOB. >> MEANWHILE, SOME HOUSE
>> MEANWHILE, SOME HOUSE FINANCIAL SERVICES CHAIRWOMAN
FINANCIAL SERVICES CHAIRWOMAN MAXINE WATERS SAID SHE BELIEVED
MAXINE WATERS SAID SHE BELIEVED THE SPEAKER HAD ALWAYS BEEN
THE SPEAKER HAD ALWAYS BEEN CLEAR ABOUT HER OPPOSITION TO
CLEAR ABOUT HER OPPOSITION TO IMPEACHMENT AND AGREED IT WOULD
IMPEACHMENT AND AGREED IT WOULD TAKE REPUBLICANS, QUOTE, WHO
TAKE REPUBLICANS, QUOTE, WHO HAVE THE COURAGE TO DO IT.
HAVE THE COURAGE TO DO IT. SO LET’S ALL DIG INTO THIS.
SO LET’S ALL DIG INTO THIS. I THINK DAVID IGNATIUS, THIS IS
I THINK DAVID IGNATIUS, THIS IS A REALLY BRILLIANT --
A REALLY BRILLIANT -- >> I THINK SHE’S WISE TO LET THE
>> I THINK SHE’S WISE TO LET THE FACT, THE CASE THAT MAUL AND IT.
FACT, THE CASE THAT MAUL AND IT. YOU HAVE TO LOOK, MIKA, AT WHAT
YOU HAVE TO LOOK, MIKA, AT WHAT HAPPENED SINCE THE MID TERMS.
HAPPENED SINCE THE MID TERMS. WE THOUGHT, WOW, THERE’S A
WE THOUGHT, WOW, THERE’S A DEMOCRATIC BREAKTHROUGH.
DEMOCRATIC BREAKTHROUGH. WE’VE HAD TRUMP GAINING LITTLE
WE’VE HAD TRUMP GAINING LITTLE BITS M SO I THINK IF MUELLER
BITS M SO I THINK IF MUELLER COMES WITH A STRONG REPORT SHE
COMES WITH A STRONG REPORT SHE THINKS WILL CARRY AN IMPEACHMENT
THINKS WILL CARRY AN IMPEACHMENT PROS ESHS SHE’LL BE RIGHT BACK
PROS ESHS SHE’LL BE RIGHT BACK ON THAT THEME BUT OTHERWISE, NO.
ON THAT THEME BUT OTHERWISE, NO. >> I LOVE THESE NOT WORTH IT,
>> I LOVE THESE NOT WORTH IT, JEREMY BASH, BUT THIS PLACES
JEREMY BASH, BUT THIS PLACES EVERYBODY IN THE POSITION OF
EVERYBODY IN THE POSITION OF WAITING TO SEE.
WAITING TO SEE. WHAT WOULD BE WORTH IT?
WHAT WOULD BE WORTH IT? >> DEPENDS ON A HIGH CRIME AND
>> DEPENDS ON A HIGH CRIME AND MISS DeMEANSORS --
MISS DeMEANSORS -- >> IS SOMETHING INVOLVING HIM --
>> IS SOMETHING INVOLVING HIM -- SUBJECTING HIMSELF TO LEVERAGE
SUBJECTING HIMSELF TO LEVERAGE BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION.
BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. IS THAT SOMETHING THAT WOULD
IS THAT SOMETHING THAT WOULD BRING --
BRING -- >>
>> >> -- SO IN SOME WAY SHE’S JUST
>> -- SO IN SOME WAY SHE’S JUST WAITING A FACT THAT YOU NEED TO
WAITING A FACT THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE REPUBLICANS IF I LOVE THIS,
HAVE REPUBLICANS IF I LOVE THIS, THIS,IN I THINK SOME OF THE
THIS,IN I THINK SOME OF THE FRESHMEN NEED TO WATCH THIS AND
FRESHMEN NEED TO WATCH THIS AND WATCH HOW IT PLAYS OUT.
WATCH HOW IT PLAYS OUT. ARE THEY I THINK TRYING TO CHIP
ARE THEY I THINK TRYING TO CHIP AWAY AT HE IS CREDIBILITY, I
AWAY AT HE IS CREDIBILITY, I THINK NANCY PELOSI WHEN WE CAN
THINK NANCY PELOSI WHEN WE CAN ALL AGREE AND THIS IS EVIDENCE
ALL AGREE AND THIS IS EVIDENCE THAT THE PRESIDENT NEEDS TO GO,
THAT THE PRESIDENT NEEDS TO GO, WE CAN DO THAT.
WE CAN DO THAT. BUT START, WE DON’T HAVE TO RUSH
BUT START, WE DON’T HAVE TO RUSH TO JUDGMENT.
TO JUDGMENT. I THINK SHE’S CALCULATING, SHE’S
I THINK SHE’S CALCULATING, SHE’S SAYING WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT OUR
SAYING WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT OUR OWN SHELF AND MESSAGING AND A
OWN SHELF AND MESSAGING AND A VISION TO GIVE TO THE AMERICAN
VISION TO GIVE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. AND I THINK SHE’S ALSO FOCUSED
AND I THINK SHE’S ALSO FOCUSED ON THAT AND NOT WANTING TO GET
ON THAT AND NOT WANTING TO GET INTO THIS BATTLE AHEAD OF 2020.
INTO THIS BATTLE AHEAD OF 2020. >> AND DEMOCRATS NEED A CAN’T
>> AND DEMOCRATS NEED A CAN’T WHO CAN WIN.
WHO CAN WIN. KATTY KAY, IT IMPORTANT IN MANY
KATTY KAY, IT IMPORTANT IN MANY WAYS.
WAYS. IT WOULD BE MUCH MORE IMPORTANT
IT WOULD BE MUCH MORE IMPORTANT FOR THE VOTERS TO DECIDE IT.
FOR THE VOTERS TO DECIDE IT. I THINK PELOSI IS RIGHT TO LEAD
I THINK PELOSI IS RIGHT TO LEAD DOWN THAT PATH.
DOWN THAT PATH. BUT I LOVE THIS FROM THE POINT
BUT I LOVE THIS FROM THE POINT OF VIEW OF A FEMALE IN POWER, OF
OF VIEW OF A FEMALE IN POWER, OF A WOMAN LEADER.
A WOMAN LEADER. I THINK THIS MOVE WAS
I THINK THIS MOVE WAS STRATEGICALLY SIGNIFICANT
STRATEGICALLY SIGNIFICANT BECAUSE SOMETIMES HAVE YOU TO
BECAUSE SOMETIMES HAVE YOU TO DIAL BACK IN ORDER TO BE ABLE TO
DIAL BACK IN ORDER TO BE ABLE TO MOVE FORWARD.
MOVE FORWARD. YOU DON’T WANT TO JUST PUSH IT
YOU DON’T WANT TO JUST PUSH IT ALL FORWARD, ALL OUT FRONT
ALL FORWARD, ALL OUT FRONT BECAUSE THEN YOU GOT NOWHERE TO
BECAUSE THEN YOU GOT NOWHERE TO GO.
GO. THIS IS PULLING BACK IN SUCH A
THIS IS PULLING BACK IN SUCH A BRILLIANT WAY, HE’S NOT WORTH
BRILLIANT WAY, HE’S NOT WORTH IT.
IT. >> WE KNEW THIS WAS HER
>> WE KNEW THIS WAS HER POSITION.
POSITION. WE KNEW SHE DIDN’T WANT TO GO
WE KNEW SHE DIDN’T WANT TO GO DOWN THE IMPEACHMENT ROUTE
DOWN THE IMPEACHMENT ROUTE UNLESS THERE WAS BIPARTISAN
UNLESS THERE WAS BIPARTISAN SPORT.
SPORT. -- SUPPORT.
-- SUPPORT. WHAT ARE THE TWO BIG DIS
WHAT ARE THE TWO BIG DIS DISTRACTIONS THAT DEMOCRATS ARE
DISTRACTIONS THAT DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO
TRYING TO -- REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO
-- REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO BEAT THE DEMOCRATS UP OVER AT
BEAT THE DEMOCRATS UP OVER AT THE MOMENT?
THE MOMENT? >> THERE’S ALSO SOME
>> THERE’S ALSO SOME DISMISSIVENESS THERE THAT YOU
DISMISSIVENESS THERE THAT YOU HAVE TO ACKNOWLEDGE.
HAVE TO ACKNOWLEDGE. PRESIDENT TRUMP, AS MUCH AS HE
PRESIDENT TRUMP, AS MUCH AS HE LIKES TO BEAT UP ON THE MEDIA,
LIKES TO BEAT UP ON THE MEDIA, HE LIKES TO WATCH HIMSELF.
HE LIKES TO WATCH HIMSELF. HE LIKES TO WATCH PEOPLE TALKING
HE LIKES TO WATCH PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT HIM AND HE LIKES THE IDEA
ABOUT HIM AND HE LIKES THE IDEA THINKING OF HIMSELF AS THIS
THINKING OF HIMSELF AS THIS ORBIT, THIS SUN THAT EVERYBODY
ORBIT, THIS SUN THAT EVERYBODY IS GRAVITATING AROUND.
IS GRAVITATING AROUND. AND NANCY PELOSI SAYING I’M
AND NANCY PELOSI SAYING I’M DOING MY OWN THING, THAT HAS TO
DOING MY OWN THING, THAT HAS TO DRIVE THE PRESIDENT NUTS.
DRIVE THE PRESIDENT NUTS. >> HE WOULD LOVE TO THE CENTER
>> HE WOULD LOVE TO THE CENTER OF ATTENTION, WHETHER IT GOOD OR
OF ATTENTION, WHETHER IT GOOD OR BAD, HE LOVES IT.
BAD, HE LOVES IT. >> AND HE RESPECTS NANCY PELOSI
>> AND HE RESPECTS NANCY PELOSI IN A WAY HE DOESN’T OTHER PEOPLE
IN A WAY HE DOESN’T OTHER PEOPLE SO I THINK TO HEAR IT FROM HER
SO I THINK TO HEAR IT FROM HER STUNG A LITTLE.
STUNG A LITTLE. >> AGAIN AND AGAIN, NANCY PELOSI
>> AGAIN AND AGAIN, NANCY PELOSI HAS PROVEN SHE AS CLEVER AS SEE
HAS PROVEN SHE AS CLEVER AS SEE IS TOUGH.
IS TOUGH. SHE HAS NOW DISMISSED BOTH THE
SHE HAS NOW DISMISSED BOTH THE LEFT’S OBSESSION WITH DANGEROUS
LEFT’S OBSESSION WITH DANGEROUS AND LIKELY DOOMED EFFORT TO
AND LIKELY DOOMED EFFORT TO IMPEACH TRUMP AND TRUMP HIMSELF.
IMPEACH TRUMP AND TRUMP HIMSELF. SHE TOLD "THE WASHINGTON POST"
SHE TOLD "THE WASHINGTON POST" THIS MAN IS NOT WORTHY OF THE
THIS MAN IS NOT WORTHY OF THE OFFICE HE HOLD AND YOU SEE SHE
OFFICE HE HOLD AND YOU SEE SHE SAYS LET’S FOCUS ON THE VOTERS.
SAYS LET’S FOCUS ON THE VOTERS. WHAT HAVE WE HEARD ON CAPITOL
WHAT HAVE WE HEARD ON CAPITOL HILL IN TERMS OF NANCY PELOSI’S
HILL IN TERMS OF NANCY PELOSI’S COMMENTS?
COMMENTS? BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY, THE
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY, THE IMPEACHMENT WORD, ISN’T IT BEING
IMPEACHMENT WORD, ISN’T IT BEING USED MORE BY REPUBLICANS?
USED MORE BY REPUBLICANS? ISN’T THIS A GREAT POWER PLAY IN
ISN’T THIS A GREAT POWER PLAY IN TERMS OF THEM TRYING TO PUSH THE
TERMS OF THEM TRYING TO PUSH THE SHRILL PART OF THE LEFT FORWARD?
SHRILL PART OF THE LEFT FORWARD? NANCY PELOSI IS PULLING
NANCY PELOSI IS PULLING EVERYTHING BACK, LITERALLY ALL
EVERYTHING BACK, LITERALLY ALL THE CHIPS.
THE CHIPS. >> I THINK THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT.
>> I THINK THAT’S EXACTLY RIGHT. REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN TALKING
REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT IT FAR MORE THAN DEMOCRATS
ABOUT IT FAR MORE THAN DEMOCRATS HAVE.
HAVE. YOU SAW A BRIEF BURST OF A FEW
YOU SAW A BRIEF BURST OF A FEW PROMINENT DEMOCRATS, JOAQUINWA J
PROMINENT DEMOCRATS, JOAQUINWA J CASTRO AND OTHERS.
CASTRO AND OTHERS. I THINK THERE’S A REALLY
I THINK THERE’S A REALLY IMPORTANT POINT THAT NEEDS TO BE
IMPORTANT POINT THAT NEEDS TO BE MADE HERE.
MADE HERE. WHILE MOST OF THE MEDIA
WHILE MOST OF THE MEDIA ATTENTION, ACTUALLY THERE ARE A
ATTENTION, ACTUALLY THERE ARE A LOT OF COLLECTED IN TRUMP
LOT OF COLLECTED IN TRUMP DISTRICTS AND THEY’RE QUITE
DISTRICTS AND THEY’RE QUITE MODERATE.
MODERATE. I WAS ON FOBS ON UNION SUNDAY
I WAS ON FOBS ON UNION SUNDAY AND IN THE GREEN HILL IS AND
AND IN THE GREEN HILL IS AND NANCY PELOSI IS TRYING TO BRING
NANCY PELOSI IS TRYING TO BRING HER CAUCUS BACK ON TRACK.
HER CAUCUS BACK ON TRACK. LAST WEEK WAS THE BIG UNVEILING
LAST WEEK WAS THE BIG UNVEILING OF HH-1, THE DEBATE WAS FUELED
OF HH-1, THE DEBATE WAS FUELED BY ANTI-SEMITISM AND SHE DOESN’T
BY ANTI-SEMITISM AND SHE DOESN’T WANT TO GET AHEAD OF PUBLIC
WANT TO GET AHEAD OF PUBLIC OPINION ON THIS.